Document PHP feature flag telemetry (#37093)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/feature_flags/server/php.md

export DD_SERVICE=<YOUR_SERVICE_NAME>
export DD_ENV=<YOUR_ENVIRONMENT>
export DD_VERSION=<YOUR_APP_VERSION>

> # Required: Enable flag evaluation metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Required for flag evaluation metrics
```

);
{{< /code-block >}}

> <div class="alert alert-warning">Evaluation context attributes must be flat primitive values: strings, numbers, and booleans. Nested arrays, objects, and null values are ignored for targeting and exposure reporting.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">Evaluation context attributes must be flat primitive values: strings, numbers, and Booleans. Nested arrays, objects, and null values are ignored for targeting and exposure reporting.</div>
```

- Use only flat primitive attributes. Nested arrays, objects, and null values are ignored.
- Verify the `DD_ENV` value appears in [{{< ui >}}Feature Flag Environments{{< /ui >}}][5].

### Verify data appears in Datadog

#### Flag evaluation metrics

> Flag evaluation counts appear in Datadog when `DD_METRICS_OTEL_ENABLED=true` is set for the PHP tracer. Each evaluation emits a `feature_flag.evaluations` counter metric tagged with the flag key, result variant, and evaluation reason. If this metric does not appear, verify the setting is enabled and the Datadog PHP SDK version supports it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flag evaluation counts appear in Datadog when `DD_METRICS_OTEL_ENABLED=true` is set for the PHP tracer. Each evaluation emits a `feature_flag.evaluations` counter metric tagged with the flag key, result variant, and evaluation reason. If this metric does not appear, confirm `DD_METRICS_OTEL_ENABLED=true` is set in your environment and that your PHP tracer version supports flag evaluation metrics.
```
